In this section of the course,
we'll see how we can use
polymorphism and inheritance to
provide us with the power to create
reusable and flexible programs.
We'll start by understanding
the different types of
polymorphism available in c++,
and then we'll focus on dynamic
polymorphism in this section.
Then we'll learn how to use base class
pointers to really take our class
hierarchies to a new level and see
how we can now think more abstractly
and not have to worry about details.
Throughout this section of the
course, we'll see examples of
static and dynamic binding of
function calls, and we'll understand
the pros and cons of each.
Then we'll use virtual functions to
achieve polymorphic functions, that is
functions that are bound at runtime.
We'll see how important it is to
have virtual destructors, and use the
and use the c++11 override and final specifiers.
Then we'll see how we can use
base class references to also
achieve dynamic polymorphism.
Finally, we'll learn what pure
virtual functions and abstract
classes are, and why we would want
to use them as is and in interfaces.
There's a lot to cover, but I think
you'll find this section pretty easy to grasp
since you have a
pretty solid foundation already.
So let's get started
with polymorphism.